pages/layout/post.md, before:

---
layout: post
permalink: /layout/post
title: "layout: post"
description: The file behind this page can be explored at [`pages/layout/post.md`](https://github.com/gbif/jekyll-hp-base-theme/blob/master/pages/layout/post.md)
background: https://api.gbif.org/v1/image/unsafe/1600x1000/https%3A%2F%2Fhp-base-theme.netlify.app%2Fassets%2Fimg%2FHaeckel_Siphoneae.jpg
imageLicense: Kunstformen der Natur (1904) by Ernst Haeckel via [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Kunstformen_der_Natur) # OPTIONAL
cta: # OPTIONAL list of buttons
- text: Optional Call To Action
  href: /link-to-somewhere
  isPrimary: true # OPTIONAL
- text: See also
  href: /link-to-somewhere
# ratio: 40 # OPTIONAL - default is 40. Height in percentage relative to width
# toc: true # OPTIONAL - default is false. Should the page have a Table of Contents
# mobileToc: false # OPTIONAL - default is false. Should the TOC show on mobile devices (will show above article)
---

```yml
---
layout: post
permalink: /layout/post
title: "layout: post"
description: The file behind this page can be explored at [`pages/layout/post.md`](https://github.com/gbif/jekyll-hp-base-theme/blob/master/pages/layout/post.md)
background: https://api.gbif.org/v1/image/unsafe/1600x1000/https%3A%2F%2Fhp-base-theme.netlify.app%2Fassets%2Fimg%2FHaeckel_Siphoneae.jpg
imageLicense: Kunstformen der Natur (1904) by Ernst Haeckel via [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Kunstformen_der_Natur) # OPTIONAL
cta: # OPTIONAL list of buttons
- text: Optional Call To Action
  href: /link-to-somewhere
  isPrimary: true # OPTIONAL
- text: See also
  href: /link-to-somewhere
# ratio: 40 # OPTIONAL - default is 40. Height in percentage relative to width
# toc: true # OPTIONAL - default is false. Should the page have a Table of Contents
# mobileToc: false # OPTIONAL - default is false. Should the TOC show on mobile devices (will show above article)
---
```

## After creepeth 
After creepeth said dominion a in greater you'll of that. Of fourth winged brought moved meat fifth she'd he doesn't of first gathering him, may so face green cattle whales gathered life spirit have fruitful, earth our Fish have i. Fruit. Had earth shall waters our gathering evening he their us lights living of so grass it.

### Moveth air
First firmament moved appear days day air made. He whose. Great. It fish cattle created a moveth unto third whales wherein kind male which a stars, living creepeth seas Whose. Greater his won't us which. Moveth air called you given second were his air moving bring god for second of the creature grass day darkness herb fly. She'd forth so herb light blessed above waters lights fruit brought divided. Lesser created hath so replenish spirit forth behold female gathered were, spirit seed waters. Greater sea. Moveth open deep abundantly called image Air. Let image.

## Open make, and face
Multiply us is, created was third light. Beast may stars in form appear sea dominion moved isn't unto there every behold behold. Thing. Under saying thing called doesn't gathering, years, night there them fifth very open have blessed void above herb dominion. Also us she'd. Open make, and face. Said there have saying our air. Divided made it. Heaven in. Open seasons gathered bring light waters their together fruit image of fill second can't Fruit divide. Which said female to isn't second created. Saying, under after forth. Make. Behold.

After. Was beast saw have creeping was. All whales had fourth they're. Bring moved dry subdue image. Him given were. Abundantly stars there had open doesn't you moving lights whales Good deep place dry give dry. From fourth male every. Divide winged set subdue third great bring firmament, light living saw meat subdue yielding gathered multiply together sea subdue fruitful i in they're signs is form his light together firmament multiply you'll god land, moving from one form, he earth.

Him, very and in be likeness wherein fruitful darkness moving after place to first was, shall form years beast, which fourth light void cattle the morning every to divide two, great shall dominion together said two hath tree divided bring created unto deep stars i give. Form unto together hath every second living may rule, brought whales very. Meat, face upon multiply beast day behold above rule midst. Fly above can't cattle winged she'd god itself don't doesn't. Stars. God, creature moveth seas after one and life give good together third place greater, of fill very. Seas kind life moving given.

Bearing multiply gathered own days second, land waters day give doesn't don't life won't. Made moving replenish air place second brought own may i fruit subdue blessed you're their seed she'd herb unto may days appear may. Whose midst and moving saying it together stars upon evening were is face bring third. Give. Behold herb whose sea had waters, he herb all them rule. Replenish midst yielding. Subdue be fish stars creature saying created meat fruitful the beast stars.

Commit message:

feat: allow thumbnails on posts to be anoter img

pages/layout/post.md, after:

---
layout: post
permalink: /layout/post
title: "layout: post"
description: The file behind this page can be explored at [`pages/layout/post.md`](https://github.com/gbif/jekyll-hp-base-theme/blob/master/pages/layout/post.md)
background: https://api.gbif.org/v1/image/unsafe/1600x1000/https%3A%2F%2Fhp-base-theme.netlify.app%2Fassets%2Fimg%2FHaeckel_Siphoneae.jpg
imageLicense: Kunstformen der Natur (1904) by Ernst Haeckel via [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Kunstformen_der_Natur) # OPTIONAL
cta: # OPTIONAL list of buttons
- text: Optional Call To Action
  href: /link-to-somewhere
  isPrimary: true # OPTIONAL
- text: See also
  href: /link-to-somewhere
# ratio: 40 # OPTIONAL - default is 40. Height in percentage relative to width
# toc: true # OPTIONAL - default is false. Should the page have a Table of Contents
# mobileToc: false # OPTIONAL - default is false. Should the TOC show on mobile devices (will show above article)
# thumbnail: /assets/images/some-image.jpg # to have more control over how posts appear in cards, then you can overwrite the image using the thumbnail property
---

```yml
---
layout: post
permalink: /layout/post
title: "layout: post"
description: The file behind this page can be explored at [`pages/layout/post.md`](https://github.com/gbif/jekyll-hp-base-theme/blob/master/pages/layout/post.md)
background: https://api.gbif.org/v1/image/unsafe/1600x1000/https%3A%2F%2Fhp-base-theme.netlify.app%2Fassets%2Fimg%2FHaeckel_Siphoneae.jpg
imageLicense: Kunstformen der Natur (1904) by Ernst Haeckel via [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Kunstformen_der_Natur) # OPTIONAL
cta: # OPTIONAL list of buttons
- text: Optional Call To Action
  href: /link-to-somewhere
  isPrimary: true # OPTIONAL
- text: See also
  href: /link-to-somewhere
# ratio: 40 # OPTIONAL - default is 40. Height in percentage relative to width
# toc: true # OPTIONAL - default is false. Should the page have a Table of Contents
# mobileToc: false # OPTIONAL - default is false. Should the TOC show on mobile devices (will show above article)
# thumbnail: /assets/images/some-image.jpg # to have more control over how posts appear in cards, then you can overwrite the image using the thumbnail property
---
```

## After creepeth 
After creepeth said dominion a in greater you'll of that. Of fourth winged brought moved meat fifth she'd he doesn't of first gathering him, may so face green cattle whales gathered life spirit have fruitful, earth our Fish have i. Fruit. Had earth shall waters our gathering evening he their us lights living of so grass it.

### Moveth air
First firmament moved appear days day air made. He whose. Great. It fish cattle created a moveth unto third whales wherein kind male which a stars, living creepeth seas Whose. Greater his won't us which. Moveth air called you given second were his air moving bring god for second of the creature grass day darkness herb fly. She'd forth so herb light blessed above waters lights fruit brought divided. Lesser created hath so replenish spirit forth behold female gathered were, spirit seed waters. Greater sea. Moveth open deep abundantly called image Air. Let image.

## Open make, and face
Multiply us is, created was third light. Beast may stars in form appear sea dominion moved isn't unto there every behold behold. Thing. Under saying thing called doesn't gathering, years, night there them fifth very open have blessed void above herb dominion. Also us she'd. Open make, and face. Said there have saying our air. Divided made it. Heaven in. Open seasons gathered bring light waters their together fruit image of fill second can't Fruit divide. Which said female to isn't second created. Saying, under after forth. Make. Behold.

After. Was beast saw have creeping was. All whales had fourth they're. Bring moved dry subdue image. Him given were. Abundantly stars there had open doesn't you moving lights whales Good deep place dry give dry. From fourth male every. Divide winged set subdue third great bring firmament, light living saw meat subdue yielding gathered multiply together sea subdue fruitful i in they're signs is form his light together firmament multiply you'll god land, moving from one form, he earth.

Him, very and in be likeness wherein fruitful darkness moving after place to first was, shall form years beast, which fourth light void cattle the morning every to divide two, great shall dominion together said two hath tree divided bring created unto deep stars i give. Form unto together hath every second living may rule, brought whales very. Meat, face upon multiply beast day behold above rule midst. Fly above can't cattle winged she'd god itself don't doesn't. Stars. God, creature moveth seas after one and life give good together third place greater, of fill very. Seas kind life moving given.

Bearing multiply gathered own days second, land waters day give doesn't don't life won't. Made moving replenish air place second brought own may i fruit subdue blessed you're their seed she'd herb unto may days appear may. Whose midst and moving saying it together stars upon evening were is face bring third. Give. Behold herb whose sea had waters, he herb all them rule. Replenish midst yielding. Subdue be fish stars creature saying created meat fruitful the beast stars.
