pages/home.md, before:

---
layout: home
klass: home
title: Simple websites for biodiversity
description: A Jekyll theme with built-in support for displaying subsets of data mediated through GBIF.org
background: https://api.gbif.org/v1/image/unsafe/1600x1000/https%3A%2F%2Fhp-base-theme.netlify.app%2Fassets%2Fimg%2FHaeckel_Siphoneae.jpg
imageLicense: Kunstformen der Natur (1904) by Ernst Haeckel via [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Kunstformen_der_Natur)
lang-ref: home
hasTextShadow: true
cta:
  - text: Explore
    href: /data
    isPrimary: true
  - text: About
    href: /about
permalink: /
composition:
  - type: heroImage
  - data: home.stats
    type: stats
  - data: home.splitExample
    type: split
  - data: home.cardExample
    type: features
  - data: home.bannerExample2
    type: floatingText
---

<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/473377963" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<p><a href="https://vimeo.com/473377963">Share biodiversity data through GBIF - an invitation to the private sector</a> from <a href="https://vimeo.com/gbif">GBIF</a> on <a href="https://vimeo.com">Vimeo</a>.</p>

Commit message:

allow liquid in frontmatter of images and caption

pages/home.md, after:

---
layout: home
klass: home
title: Simple websites for biodiversity
description: A Jekyll theme with built-in support for displaying subsets of data mediated through GBIF.org
background: "{{ site.data.images.myImage.src }}" # normally you cannot use the Liquid templating language in front matter, but because we have added a plugin we now can. But it depends on the place that inserts it to render it properly. e.g. "title | liquify"
imageLicense: "{{ site.data.images.myImage.caption }}"
lang-ref: home
hasTextShadow: true
cta:
  - text: Explore
    href: /data
    isPrimary: true
  - text: About
    href: /about
permalink: /
composition:
  - type: heroImage
  - data: home.stats
    type: stats
  - data: home.splitExample
    type: split
  - data: home.cardExample
    type: features
  - data: home.bannerExample2
    type: floatingText
---

<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/473377963" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<p><a href="https://vimeo.com/473377963">Share biodiversity data through GBIF - an invitation to the private sector</a> from <a href="https://vimeo.com/gbif">GBIF</a> on <a href="https://vimeo.com">Vimeo</a>.</p>
